"I'm going to go over it so you want to be here or do you want to have it so you can get on your
knees and do it?"
"I'm going to go down to the table."
"I'm going to go down to the table and do it so you can get on your knees and do it so you can get
on your knees and do it so you can get on your knees and do it so you can get on your knees and do
it so you can get on your knees and do it so you can get on your knees and do it so you can get on
your knees and do it so you can get on your knees and do it so you can get on your knees and do it
."
"Look at that. It's going to drop straight in."
"It's a big one there."
"I'm going to go to the table and do it so you can get on your knees and do it so you can get on
your knees and do it so you can get on your knees and do it so you can get on your knees and do it
so you can get on your knees and do it so you can get on your knees and do it so you can get on
your knees and do it so you can get on your knees and do it."
"Look at that. It's a big one."
"It's a big one. It's a big one. It's a big one."
"Oh, it's right in the back."
"Yeah, hurry."
(wind noise)
"A little more."
"There we go."
"A little more, did you say?"
"About three more inches."
"Three more inches."
"Good. Down a little."
"Down."
"Down, down."
"Good."
(wind noise)
"Don't look pretty straight."
"Perfect!"
"Oh good, Matt!"
"Oh good!"
(wind noise)
"Good!"
"Here, I'll bring you back a little too."
"You want me to back these up so you can see them from the car?"
"Yeah, back there."
"Oh good!"
"Yay!"
"Woooo!"
"Langeland!"
"I'm going to bring them around to the back and have them up over to the right."
(wind noise)
(laughing)
(indistinct chatter)
(wind noise)
(wind blowing)
(speaking foreign language)
- Thank you.
(cheering)
(speaking foreign language)
(wind blowing)
(cheering)